good is the same as yesterday only
now with common water from the spout
here's passing 1111 feet and I've got three
3 volts flights with this cell here one
point walk
so you have a gas production so
cute
this is the production of gas more or less
a great one because a 2-1 to
3 volts more or less a great death
here are the gases appeared in the balls
Apparently more spending appeared than
than in the water intended for sale now
changed the container I put the meter
temperature thermometer here is the
same thing with a larger screen button and
I put resistance in there now, I'm going to
water temperature is less than 30
degrees and eight degrees ambient temperature
and now I'm going to turn on that heater that
is simply a resistance to
existence the hot ass here in the outlet
will start to heat the water
the hope is that there will be an increase in
of production with the same current one on foot
now down to 2 3 volts
well we have boiling water almost 98 °
cheated less so that I put the
thermometer almost without degree is very
busy
It's 22 volts
Also on the skin now I'll turn off the
heat source resistance
I arrived and will increase a little bit
political cell attention
there you see the production now with two
points 6 volts 1.2 amps
I truly believe you commented a lot
the production yes
2.7 volts 1,311 perez
this is the production of gas with water 98 °
2.73 volts
at the moment more than this is the
cell limitation
2.7 current 1.4
2.70 the bajaki 2 with 68 1.2
or certainly increased production
of gas
simply by adding heat that is
I can not get over 90
degrees with some reason perhaps
limit of this resistance to water
of the interesting spout that he noted
seeing your brown dirt
I do not see this generates a clean water
accumulated the mouth tied in water of the
It was you who compared the
with the cold water here is now
94 ° again now friend or use
a little bit of water from the spout better
maybe I'll do an experiment now with
water with a little bit of caustic soda